---
id: 4276
slug: "privacy-policy"
title: "Privacy policy"
status: "publish"
parent_id: 0
template: "default"
wpml_lang: "en"
content_length: 8494
image_count: 0
image_source_hint: "none"
mojibake_hits_pre: 0
cluster: "i18n-dublette"
priority: "P2"
trunk_candidate: "no"
cross_site_potential: "no"
post_date: "2021-02-13 14:48:03"
post_modified: "2021-02-13 14:48:10"
post_excerpt: ""
menu_order: 0
post_password_protected: false
comment_status: "closed"
ping_status: "closed"
meta:
  _wp_page_template: null
  _thumbnail_id: null
  _yoast_wpseo_title: null
  _yoast_wpseo_metadesc: null
  _yoast_wpseo_focuskw: null
  _yoast_wpseo_canonical: null
  _yoast_wpseo_opengraph-title: null
  _yoast_wpseo_opengraph-description: null
image_urls: []
content_md5: "3e4374b5afc36ef8a376cb4b880db42c"
extracted_at: "2026-04-20T20:54:26+00:00"
extractor_version: "2026-04-20_s2.3-d-p2_v1"
prod_url_guess: "https://westend-hausarzt.com/privacy-policy/"
archive_path: "i18n-dublette/en/privacy-policy-4276.md"
---

<!-- BODY-BEGIN — ab hier ORIGINAL post_content 1:1, keine Änderung erlaubt. content_md5 bezieht sich auf alles NACH dieser Marker-Zeile bis Dateiende (ohne finalen Newline). -->
<!-- wp:heading {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h2>Who we are</h2>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>Welcome to the website of the practice of Dr. Stracke &amp; Kollegen. In this section you will find our privacy policy. If you have any further questions, please contact us at the address listed on the right. We take the protection of your personal data seriously and want you to feel safe and comfortable when visiting our website..</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>The address of our website is: https://westend-hausarzt.de.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>Alternative adress: https://gpmedicalcenterwestend-7ded2f4ae8c4343d2029-202604.local</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h2>What personal data we collect and why we collect it</h2>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>As a rule, you can visit our pages without us requiring any personal data from you. We only learn the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us and the web pages you visit on our site. This information is evaluated for statistical purposes, but the individual user remains anonymous. Personal data is only collected and processed if you use corresponding service offers and provide the data necessary for processing your request.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>All personal data accruing within the scope of the Internet direct services are collected, processed and used - in accordance with the respective applicable regulations on the protection of personal data - only for the purpose of processing the contract and for the protection of our own justified business interests with regard to the counselling and care of our patients.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>Upon request, we will inform you in writing, in accordance with the applicable law, whether and what personal data we have stored about you.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. („Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The collection and storage of data can be objected to at any time with effect for the future. This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "anonymizeIp()", so that IP addresses are only processed in abbreviated form in order to exclude any personal reference. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address, shortened as described) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"level":3,"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h3>Comments</h3>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>When visitors post comments on the website, we collect the data displayed in the comment form, as well as the visitor's IP address and user agent string (this identifies the browser) to help detect spam.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>An anonymised string can be created from your email address (also called a hash) and passed to the Gravatar service to check if you are using it. The privacy policy of the Gravatar service can be found here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After your comment has been approved, any profile picture will be publicly visible in the context of your comment.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"level":3,"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h3>Media</h3>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>If you are a registered user and upload photos to this website, you should avoid uploading photos with an EXIF GPS location. Visitors to this website could download photos stored on this website and extract their location information.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"level":3} -->
<h3>Cookies</h3>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>When you post a comment on our website, this may constitute consent to store your name, email address and website in cookies. This is a convenience feature so that when you post another comment, you don't have to enter all this data again.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>If you have an account and log in to this website, we will set a temporary cookie to determine whether your browser accepts cookies. This cookie does not contain any personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>When you log in, we will set up some cookies to store your login information and viewing options. Application cookies expire after two days and cookies for the display options after one year. If you select "Stay logged in" when you register, your registration will be maintained for a fortnight. When you log out of your account, the login cookies are deleted.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>When you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie is stored in your browser. This cookie does not contain any personal data and only refers to the post ID of the article you have just edited. The cookie expires after one day.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"level":3,"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h3>Embedded content from other websites</h3>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>Posts on this website may contain embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves exactly as if the visitor had visited the other website.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>These websites may collect information about you, use cookies, embed additional third party tracking services and record your interaction with this embedded content, including your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged into this website.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h2>How long we save your data</h2>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>If you write a comment, it will be saved including metadata for an unlimited period of time. This way, we can automatically detect and approve follow-up comments instead of keeping them in a moderation queue.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>For users who register on our website, we additionally store the personal information they provide in their user profiles. All users can view, change or delete their personal information at any time (the username cannot be changed). Administrators of the website can also view and change this information.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --><!-- wp:heading {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<h2>What rights you have to your data</h2>
<!-- /wp:heading --><!-- wp:paragraph {"translatedWithWPMLTM":"1"} -->
<p>If you have an account on this website or have posted comments, you may request an export of your personal data from us, including any data you have provided to us. In addition, you can request the deletion of all personal data that we have stored about you. This does not include data that we are required to retain due to administrative, legal or security needs.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->